# your-story-your-power

I am designing a game/simulation where must mobilize a community to fight corrupt city officials and the systems they inhabit. It will be a simulation in the of a working city in which the player picks a character new to or raised in a neighborhood and must organize the people around them for a better life. What a better life means will be up to the player, they will map out a system defining the rules beforehand, and must start out with loved ones and form a coalition of people negatively impacted by the system to change it. Tweaking the rules will allow the player to pick which causes they want to organize around. For example, if one wants to fight to fight the shelter-industrial-complex, they would need to map out all the institutions gaining money from people going to homeless shelters, and specify how the city's homeless population is impacted(e.g little money/food/ housing makes them more fatigued, but also more courageous). Tweaked parameters would determine feasibility of activist tactics. For example, not everyone in the NYC without a home has a smart phone, or computer access, making a social media campaign unfeasible. The opposite may be true when opening a floodgate on opinions can isolate powerful people, such as in the #metoo campaign. Most of my work is developing the tactics used in the game, the system-template that people build off of, as well as create a version of the game centered on my experiences organizing for homeless rights, climate justice, access to education, and/or disability justice. The game will switch between a top down view of a city map where one can get a holistic view of the system they designed as it works at a large scale, but will have to move quickly on the ground in order to tweak it as an organizer(e.g meet with a politician or attend a rally).


For people used to working with abstract systems and design thinking, I want to bring lived experience of those impacted by their decisions into light. Working with others facing similar injustice has given my work a transformative urgency , while learning to think in systems from art+tech circles allows me to see how me to see what I actions I can take, knowing my own stake in a cause.


The game will be running on the LiSE engine currently being developed by LogicalDash(Zachary Spector): You can see it here:

https://github.com/LogicalDash/LiSE
